when the abortion word was so short that it was so frightening that the
people who are these women around 1955 when
a contest studying the plate have a cough
that was the team that beat the mogi
5th lvii the arteries
he identified the presence of cholesterol
and as the cholesterol driver would have it is only present in the animal kingdom
in the theft in the milk and in the band per cuca kept right
all fats of animal origin
they were convicted because cholesterol
was related to diseases brought about by
New york is evil and the ramshackle
four years ago
will be the killer a little hard with the half hour of the beginning of the day
fattening up fat
in general explains
each gram of fat generates 9 calories
Each gram of protein or carbohydrate generates 4 calories but
all the fats behaved this way the oil of the book brasil has
rope much less than soybean oil sunflower oil this star killer
of fat you think healthy
not absolutely
you can have
to do temporarily we need buburé
see well beyond our
he wants
totally covered with cholesterol
our sex hormones the neurotransmitters
cerebral
sisu d in the future who stays changing this chrysler tower paid interest this
porrada for example the little butter band
been proposed to buy a luxurious inn
the fats that are many cleared the best added is the olive oil
or avocado
the chocolatier
and the polyunsaturated fats this yes
mechanical aches and pains
ah to health who are canola oil sunflower corn green sa
the difference was to keep working
on Friday the 7 right-wing barcarena she is that she is totally artificial
there is no day
pequi we must commit a natural product
which means that people in packaging
zero trans fat to fat transition
was going it came as an alternative
for these fats
animals in these natural changes to 25 30 years ago an alternative because
it is cheaper because if they thought
the bacelar assyrian she would be healthier today we know that the
trans fats
caused a
cancers of a suitcase in women and prostate cancer nuno lopes
so if you ask the support of one in the segment
but if you look in between the lines
regrettably whole fat was left without mystique
she is that she was bombarded with a stearic acid
is also an artificial fat 'all that talk has no trans fat to
People do is the fat vegetable theme that vegetable fat this change for sure
It must be a little harsh interest
which is also bad
paganatto her health is talking about a subject that the womanly
no hard goal
Sergio the eyes with the popular in the kitchen meat room next door already in the
sa room is already recommended one of them none but I would say the least
bad of these three
the ultrasound of a year is marked new fall of the dollar is a plant that was
created by man
it's a mix of with the annoying contract
and it being transported did what not go through I would play in genetics
so they created
the way in which I
the American home
tops was extremely on street health tse exist
gives a valuable tip to try to get into this high it seems he could not
have momentarily the first three months decreased
to announce ibge support
how are you
but after he comments
the polyunsaturated fat discharge from the polyunsaturated eyes migration is certain
if he were a man who stayed on the ground
these lesion eyes are both unstable and unstable
and even if you do
the freight or makes a meal with one eye of those cold pressed as I have
live action
24 hours later in the refrigerator it's already ok to study even more those big eyes
sin is that they are presented to us
in supermarkets are healthier as the salt of stalks was the traffic if
in a plastic container, it is true that with light
light
louse
do not live the bar
and will save a refrigerator
I fix it then, what else?
two months later you did not use
by playing out that already failed completely blocked
if you are the oriental passion and knew that there is a super recipe
healthy and I can not
I have of it is the patrician that tidy or hard military took more than 5 6 thousand years
which is consumed
with victory
start to suffer with the delay an agent got his eye too, right?
with this being discontinuous, for example in fruits
açaí avocados that are considered so many people were still deserted
Mark
each category
avocado being stored remotely they have a healthy mind is a
fat wants
because exactly the same as olive oil
then the avocado used moderately elitsa and give such a large society
and to the mafia greater source of say the antennas that is thus a default in which
protect against cardiovascular diseases
and age-related degeneration, not blindness, the açaí is today
considered fruit with a take back the world's antioxidant power the açaí is
guilty of omega-3 fatty acids 6 and 9
the fattening dual cell phone alany matter in the market came to ask and ddi
live there
students court athletes of the king these women prisoners
twice
Today's Alternative Health Is Talking About Fat
saw you wrote a book about little riskers
the importance of being
beat Greece by 2 to 1 or 2 who has a healthy mind for incredible that
look like
he will not play
so many calories on the contrary
tarquini that the lie consists of three months of medium chain
translating this into kids
It has the same composition of breast milk. I think we're going to go there then.
if they deal with the ideology brought to you this is a culture
fantastic said the artists and one kept down the internet is for
not to give room for this is that it is exactly this afternoon only the part
professional
earth at the moment the function of the thyroid gland 20%
is combative and the roles waiting for desert veronice
improves the gut you can pass
in the existing core hair is good
the list of elected members should release up to the scalp and moisturize the skin beyond
of all the virtues of a little né
May we speak here
it gives a feeling of satiety
but he fries you two sets of baianão coconut fat
a full span and a few more fruit and such
these are only going to be hungry in the pasta is jammed who want to arrive with
stay
when we put people
it will be very good
very good brigade